
UC42 View Notifications Use Case

An LHCP or patient is a registered user of the iTrust Medical Records system [[requirements:uc2(UC2)]]. The iTrust user has been authenticated in the iTrust Medical Records system [[requirements:uc3(UC3)]].

   An LHCP  views his or her iTrust homepage. On the LHCP homepage, the LHCP views a notification center with a list of his or her upcoming appointments for the current date , number of physiologic data monitoring reports of his or her patients for the current date , number of weight/pedometer data monitoring reports of his or her patients for the current date , number of unread messages from his or her message inbox , number of new referrals [[requirements:uc33(UC33)]], number of pending lab procedures [[requirements:uc26(UC26)]], and number of pending appointment requests [[requirements:uc22(UC22)]]. The event is logged [[requirements:uc5(UC5)]].
   A patient or personal health representative  views his or her iTrust homepage. On the patient homepage, the Patient views a notification center. The notification center displays, “You haven't entered remote monitoring information for today yet!” if the patient is being monitored for telemedicine but the patient or personal health representative hasn't entered remote monitoring information for the current date yet. The notification center also displays a list of the patient and patient representee upcoming appointments , the information of his or her designated HCP , and the number of unread messages from his or her message inbox , number of new referrals [[requirements:uc33(UC33)]], and number of unviewed completed lab procedures [[requirements:uc26(UC26)]].

    An LHCP views a list of his or her upcoming appointments for the current date (sorted by time, soonest upcoming first), with each appointment displayed in the format “HH:MM AM/PM - AppointmentType”. The LHCP clicks an appointment to view more details. The appointment details display the appointment type, appointment date and start time, duration, the name of the patient, and appointment comments .
    A user (a patient or personal health representative) can choose to view a list of his or her upcoming appointments for himself/herself, as well as appointments for the patients he/she represents (i.e., a list including appointments whose appointment date and start time is equal or later than the current date/time, sorted by time with soonest upcoming first). The appointments are listed in the format “MM/DD/YYYY - AppointmentType”. The patient or personal health representative clicks an appointment to view more details. The appointment details include the appointment type, appointment date and start time, duration, the name of the LHCP, and appointment comments .
    An LHCP views the number of submitted physiologic data monitoring reports of his or her patients for the current date. The LHCP clicks this number to view the physiologic data monitoring details of his or her patients for the current date. The LHCP is presented with a listing of all his or her patients to view physiologic data reported during the current date. Each row in the list includes their blood pressure and glucose levels, recording timestamp, and whom reported the data (patient, UAP name, personal representative name).
    An LHCP views the number of submitted weight/pedometer data monitoring reports of his or her patients for the current date. The LHCP clicks this number to view the weight/pedometer monitoring details of his or her patients for the current date. The LHCP is presented with a listing of all his or her patients to view weight/pedometer data reported during the current date. Each row in the list includes their weight and pedometer reading numbers levels, recording timestamp, and whom reported the data (patient, UAP name, personal representative name).
    A user (a patient, patient representative, or LHCP) views the number of unread messages from his or her message inbox. The user clicks this number to view his or her message inbox. The user is presented with a list of his or her messages in the message inbox. Each row in the list includes the message subject, the name of the sender, and timestamp. By default, the messages in the list should be ordered by timestamp, the most recent first. The user selects a message from the list to read by clicking the “Read” link beside the row for the message, and then the message subject, the name of the sender, the name of the the recipient, timestamp, and the message text shall be displayed in a new page.
    A user (a patient or personal health representative) views basic information about his or her designated LHCPs, including the name, phone number, and contact email information .

    If the comment is empty, the text “No Comment” is displayed.
    If a patient has no declared LHCP, “You have no declared LHCP” is displayed.


 4200   View Notifications    LHCP  Patient    [empty]    42    View    None    No  




</textarea>
